Add documentation for onboarding a provider with metadata service (#32)
elmiko/ocp-infrastructure-provider-onboarding-guide: docs/overview.md

    [Cluster Ingress Operator](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-ingress-operator)
    for the new infrastructure provider.

> 1. [Securing Access to Metadata Service](../networking-metadata-service)
> 
>     Evaluate provider-specific support for metadata service.
> 	If applicable, update the
>     [OpenShift SDN](https://github.com/openshift/sdn) and 
> 	[OVN Kubernetes](https://github.com/openshift/ovn-kubernetes) CNI Plugins
>     for the new infrastructure provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Software Defined Network and OVN](../networking-ovn-sdn)

    Evaluate provider-specific support for software defined networking.
	If applicable, update the
    [OpenShift SDN](https://github.com/openshift/sdn) and 
	[OVN Kubernetes](https://github.com/openshift/ovn-kubernetes) CNI Plugins
    for the new infrastructure provider.
```
